---
type: tutorial advanced
---

## IMAGES, AUDIO, VIDEO

There are 2 different screens sizes for the NAC:

- SD: 800 x 480

- Wide HD: 1280 x 720

However, some space at the top and the bottom are reserved by WebPortal for the controls. This amounts to a total height of 55px that will not be available.

### IMAGE FILES

You need to keep in mind the size of the screen your application is delivered on.

You will also have to consider the size of your file as the connection's speed can vary greatly depending on the location of the user, this implies that to display your picture within a reasonable timeframe:
- its size should ideally not exceed 150kB
- its dimensions should respect the ones cited above.

 Information on Image limitations:

Compatible image formats: **JPEG**, **SVG Tiny 1.2**, PNG, GIF, BMP

|Image weight (KB) | Time ATB2 (~30KB/s) | Time ATB3 (~100KB/s)
----|----|----
|100 | 3s | 1s
|150 | 5s | 1,5s
|200 | 7s | 2s
|1000 | 35s | 10s
|2000 | 110s | 20s

> **Note:** For the GIF format, animations are not smooth.

> **Note 2:** When targeting a SD NAC, it is advised to encode graphic assets in 18 bits instead of 24/32 bits as the device is only able to display in 18 bits.

> **Note 3:** In order to limit the weight of your pictures, it is better to use SVG format. If not possible you should prioritize using JPEG.

### AUDIO FILES

Information on Image limitations:

Compatible audio format: **MP3**

|Audio Duration|Audio weight (KB)| Download Time ATB2 | Download Time ATB3
----|----|----|----
|26s |350 | 12s | 3s
|30s |400 | 14s | 3s
|38s |500 | 17s | 5s
|1:15 |1000 | 34s | 10s
|1:52 |1500 | 50s | 15s
|2:30 |2000 | 70s | 20s
|6:15 |5000 | 170s | 50s

When reading audio files, you have to manually implement and handle the html 5 events triggered by the  `<audio>` player such as play/stop...
If you do not handle them, the file will not be read.

```javascript
// Wait for the browser to fully load
HMI.WebBrowser.addEventListener("show", activateSource);

// Configure media
var activateSource = function(){
    Media.Audio.configure("MEDIA_PLAYER_SOURCE", "Active");
};

// Handle player and events
var player = document.getElementById('player')[0];
player.src = './sounds/louvre-les-voyages-de-champollion.mp3';
document.getElementById('play').onclick = function(){
    player.play();
};
document.getElementById('pause').onclick = function(){
    player.pause();
};
```

### AUDIO GUIDANCE

About audio playing, the webportal have lower priority than guidance instructions of the vehicle infotainment system.

If the guidance has to play an instruction while your app is already playing a sound in the webportal, the infotainment system will use ducking effect to play both sounds together.

It means that your audio file will continue playing but with a reduced volume and the instruction will be the main audio canal.

### VIDEO FILES

Videos are currently not compatible and will not be read by the WebPortal.